Problem 6: Questions: Decide which Pattern

What pattern best meets each of these situations below?
1.	The model stores a collection of blocks. Blocks can be medal or wood; can be painted, sanded, or chrome plated; and can sometimes be radioactive or magnetized. What design pattern would allow the system to easily add new types of blocks without changing existing code?
○	Explain how two design principles apply to this design.

2.	The model for a game stores robot. The robot navigates a maze that has obstacles. While playing the game, the robot can be upgraded with new parts that change its abilities like speed, weapons, and shields. Which design principle allows the robot object to change its behaviour at runtime in flexible ways.
○	Explain how two design principles apply to this design.
3.	The model stores a phone number, and the UI (a keypad) allows the user to enter digits one at a time. A different part of the UI wants to respond to each key being entered; however a) the two parts of the UI should be decoupled, and b) the model should be decoupled from the UI (model knows nothing about the UI). Which pattern would allow this?
○	Explain how two design principles apply to this design.
4.	A library supports recursively searching a directory for files. It allows the client code to provide it an object to filter the results. For each file which the library finds, it will ask the filter object if that file should be accepted or rejected. (See Java's FileFilter)
○	Explain how two design principles apply to this design.

Problem 5: How do you Design a Library Management System in Java or your favorite programming language?
This is another interesting problem to test your object oriented design skill, in this problem you need to design a library management system which should allow you to
1.	Add new book,
2.	Rent or issue a book to readers
3.	Send reminders when due date is near
4.	and also print a report of overdue books.
5.	It should also provide search functionality so that readers can find books easily.


Problem 4: Design a Lift system in your programming language?
●	An elevator is a combination of at least two elevators, one going up and another coming down. 
●	The goal is to minimize the waiting time of the user. Make sure you how your design will evolve if a lift is installed on high-rise buildings over 20 floors.
How many lifts do you need to serve 40 floors with a waiting time of no less than 30 seconds on average. Think about the parking strategy of your lift, i.e., which floor they should be resting on or should they keep going up or down

